[Music]
No why is there a lampshade on your head
my owner might have given me a little
bit of catnip oh okay
do you hear that oh you're pouring oh I
wonder what other sounds I could make
are you finished hey Messi
let's say we go for a walk this is nice
nobody you tricked me first time here uh
yeah
dr. Francis is the best veterinarian in
the business you're gonna love him he
specializes in behavioral disorders but
I don't have a behavioral disorder I I'm
fine too it's by human it's nuts I mean
you know I I bring him a dead bird she
throws it out I bring him a dead mouse
garbage I've gone no no my owner always
says you're such a good dog and I feel
like a good dog
what if deep down I'm a bad dog we start
fires that was weird
Oh sister it's gonna get way weirder
[Music]